## Things left to improve

For this project, I chose to approach it from the perspective that in a real situation this would be the start of a larger project, given the fact that in isolation a page that allows you to view and submit feedback is not particularly useful, which is why I have made certain decisions in which libraries I included in this project.

In terms of things left to improve, I believe a 'real' version of my product page would be connected to a backend and therefore fetch / update data via api calls. However because I do not have a backend to connect to, I am instead fetching and saving new data in the store, which has been populated with some dummy data.

Therefore because I am not making real api calls, my application is missing certain things, such as some 'sad path' functionality, e.g there is a success feedback alert when a user successfully submits a new review, but there is no error feedback alert. I have not added these because I don't expect any errors with saving to the store, but if I were making actual api calls then I would need to account for both the possibility of errors and showing the user some kind of pending state (e.g loading state on the submit button) while the request is pending.

Another thing that could be improved is that in a larger application there would be more than one page, and therefore a router library like React Router would be used. In that case, I would include the id of the product in the page url e.g /path:id. At the moment because there is only one product page and one product object I have created for my dummy data, there is no need to use some kind of identifier to select different product data. 
However in a real situation when making the api call to fetch the data for our product page we would need some kind of unique identifier, and I believe the easiest way for all the child components to fetch the data they need would be to get the id from the url (e.g useParams hook with React Router) and make the necessary api calls / select from the store. This would avoid the prop drilling and selecting data directly from the store without any identifier that I currently have in my application.